separate tutorials into each document and add images (#1230)
vdaas/vald: docs/tutorial/using-backup-with-syclladb.md

# Using Backup with SycllaDB

> This article will show you how to deploy Vald with ScyallaDB as backup Database using Helm and run it on your kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article will show you how to deploy Vald with ScyallaDB as backup Database using Helm and run it on your kubernetes cluster.
```
```suggestion
This article will show you how to deploy Vald with ScyallaDB as a backup database using Helm and run it on your Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Overview

> One of the Vald's feature, Vald has auto index backup feature using MySQL + Redis or Cassandra which enables disaster recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald allows auto index backup using MySQL + Redis or Cassandra to enable disaster recovery.<br>
```

Author: ```suggestion
This tutorial leads you to deploy Vald with using the external database for backup.
As one of the features, Vald can auto index backup using MySQL + Redis or Cassandra to enable disaster recovery.<br>
```

It is not good begging with auto index feature

> In this tutorial, you will use ScyllaDB for backup Persistent Volume and deploy more microsevices than [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will use ScyllaDB for backup to Persistent Volume.<br>
It will deploy more Vald component than [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md).
```

Author: refer

> If you havn't complete [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md) yet, we recommend to try this at first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't completed [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md) yet, we recommend to try it out first.
```

The following image is the architecture image of this tutorial.

<img src="../../assets/docs/tutorial/vald-with-syclladb.png" />

> The x steps to Using Backup with Scylladb:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will execute the following steps:
```

1. [Check and satisfy the requirements](#Requirements)
1. [Prepare kubernetes cluster](#Prepare-the-kubernetes-cluster)
1. [Deploy Vald on kubernetes cluster](#Deploy-Vald-on-Kubernetes-Cluster)
1. [Running exapmle code](#Running-Exapmle-Code)
1. [Cleanup](#Cleanup)

## Requirements

> - kubernetes: v1.19 ~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes: v1.19 ~
```

- go: v1.15 ~
- helm: v3 ~

> - libhdf5 (_only required for get started_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- libhdf5 (_required for this tutorial_)
```

Author: with `only` is better 🤔

1. Port Forward

    At first, port-foward is required to make request from your local environment possible.

    ```bash
    kubectl port-forward deployment/vald-meta-gateway 8081:8081
    ```

1. Download dataset

    Download [fashion-mnist](https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist) that is used as dataset for indexing and search query.

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client

    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

1. Running example

    We use [`example/client/main.go`](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/example/client/main.go) to run the example.<br>
    This exapmle will insert and index 400 vectors into the Vald from the fashion-mnist dataset via grpc.
    And then after waiting for indexing, it will request for searching nearest vector at 10 times.
    You will get the 10 nearest neighbor vectors for each search query.<br>
    Run example codes by executing below command.

    ```bash
    # run example
    go run main.go
    ```

    The datailed explanation of exapmle code is shown in [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md#Running-Example-Code)

> 

Reviewer: I think it is better to include command to check if the data is backup successfully

Author: I'll stock as future task

# Using Backup with SycllaDB

> This article will show you how to deploy Vald with ScyallaDB as backup Database using Helm and run it on your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article will show you how to deploy Vald with ScyallaDB as backup database using Helm and run it on your Kubernetes cluster.
```

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/master/examples/common/operator.yaml
    kubectl wait -n scylla-operator-system --for=condition=ready pod -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name=scylla-operator-controller-manager-0 --timeout=600s
    ```

    1. Deploy ScyllaDB

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f k8s/external/scylla/scyllacluster.yaml
    kubectl wait -n scylla --for=condition=ready pod -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name=vald-scylla-cluster-dc0-rack0-0 --timeout=600s
    kubectl -n scylla get pods
    ```

    1. Configure ScyllaDB

    ```bash

    kubectl apply -f example/manifest/scylla
    kubectl wait --for=condition=complete job/scylla-init --timeout=60s
    ```

    </details>

    For documentation on scylladb operator, please refer to [here](http://operator.docs.scylladb.com/master/generic)

1. Apply kubenetes metrics server

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server/releases/latest/download/components.yaml
    kubectl wait -n kube-system --for=condition=ready pod -l k8s-app=metrics-server --timeout=600s
    ```

## Deploy Vald on Kubernetes Cluster

> This chapter will show you how to deploy using Helm and run Vald on your kubernetes cluster.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chapter will show you how to deploy using Helm and run Vald on your Kubernetes cluster.<br>
```
Should we fix based on the following comment? :thinking:
https://github.com/vdaas/vald/pull/1230#discussion_r633273138

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/releases/latest/download/cert-manager.yaml
    kubectl wait -n cert-manager --for=condition=ready pod -l app=cert-manager --timeout=60s
    kubectl wait -n cert-manager --for=condition=ready pod -l app=cainjector --timeout=60s
    kubectl wait -n cert-manager --for=condition=ready pod -l app=webhook --timeout=60s
    ```

    1. Deploy ScyllaDB Operator

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/master/examples/common/operator.yaml
    kubectl wait -n scylla-operator-system --for=condition=ready pod -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name=scylla-operator-controller-manager-0 --timeout=600s
    ```

    1. Deploy ScyllaDB

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f k8s/external/scylla/scyllacluster.yaml
    kubectl wait -n scylla --for=condition=ready pod -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name=vald-scylla-cluster-dc0-rack0-0 --timeout=600s
    kubectl -n scylla get pods
    ```

    1. Configure ScyllaDB

    ```bash

    kubectl apply -f example/manifest/scylla
    kubectl wait --for=condition=complete job/scylla-init --timeout=60s
    ```

    </details>

>     For documentation on scylladb operator, please refer to [here](http://operator.docs.scylladb.com/master/generic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For documentation on ScyllaDB operator, please refer to [here](http://operator.docs.scylladb.com/master/generic)
```

> 1. Apply Kubenetes metrics server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply Kubernetes metrics server
```

    vald-manager-backup-5fb5f8dc7-h22sv        1/1     Running     0          7m12s
    vald-manager-backup-5fb5f8dc7-ncrw4        1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    vald-manager-backup-5fb5f8dc7-nzbkh        1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    vald-manager-compressor-78bf64459f-27ckg   1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    vald-manager-compressor-78bf64459f-9kl9b   1/1     Running     0          7m12s
    vald-manager-compressor-78bf64459f-dkx24   1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    vald-manager-index-74c7b5ddd6-jrnlw        1/1     Running     0          7m12s
    vald-meta-747f757bbb-9v5xz                 1/1     Running     0          7m12s
    vald-meta-747f757bbb-mpwqp                 1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    vald-meta-gateway-8c5f55dd-8fsch           1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    vald-meta-gateway-8c5f55dd-sdd5q           1/1     Running     0          7m12s
    vald-meta-gateway-8c5f55dd-vfkn6           1/1     Running     0          6m56s
    ```

    </details>

## Run Example Code

This chapter shows how to perform a search action in Vald with fashion-mnist dataset.

1. Port Forward

>     At first, port-foward is required to make request from your local environment possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At first, port-forward is required to make request from your local environment possible.
```

    ```bash
    kubectl port-forward deployment/vald-meta-gateway 8081:8081
    ```

1. Download Dataset

    Download [fashion-mnist](https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist) that is used as dataset for indexing and search query.

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client

    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

1. Run Example

    We use [`example/client/main.go`](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/example/client/main.go) to run the example.<br>

>     This example will insert and index 400 vectors into the Vald from the fashion-mnist dataset via grpc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This example will insert and index 400 vectors into the Vald from the fashion-mnist dataset via gRPC.
```

    And then after waiting for indexing, it will request for searching nearest vector at 10 times.
    You will get the 10 nearest neighbor vectors for each search query.<br>
    Run example codes by executing below command.

    ```bash
    # run example
    go run main.go
    ```

    The detailed explanation of example code is shown in [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md#Running-Example-Code)

## Cleanup

    Remove the Vald pods by executing:

    ```bash
    helm uninstall vald
    ```

## Recommened Documents

> Conglatulation! You completely entered into the Vald World!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulation! You completely entered into Vald World!
```
